<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>A</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-1" epub:type="chapter">
			<h2 epub:type="title">A</h2>
			<dl>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Abasement</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A decent and customary mental attitude in the presence of wealth or power. Peculiarly appropriate in an employee when addressing an employer.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Abatis</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Rubbish in front of a fort, to prevent the rubbish outside from molesting the rubbish inside.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Abdication</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An act whereby a sovereign attests his sense of the high temperature of the throne.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Poor Isabella’s Dead, whose abdication</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Set all tongues wagging in the Spanish nation.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>For that performance ’twere unfair to scold her:</span>
							<br/>
							<span>She wisely left a throne too hot to hold her.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To History she’ll be no royal riddle⁠—</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Merely a plain parched pea that jumped the griddle.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—G.J.</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Abdomen</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The temple of the god Stomach, in whose worship, with sacrificial rights, all true men engage. From women this ancient faith commands but a stammering assent. They sometimes minister at the altar in a half-hearted and ineffective way, but true reverence for the one deity that men really adore they know not. If woman had a free hand in the world’s marketing the race would become graminivorous.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Ability</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The natural equipment to accomplish some small part of the meaner ambitions distinguishing able men from dead ones. In the last analysis ability is commonly found to consist mainly in a high degree of solemnity. Perhaps, however, this impressive quality is rightly appraised; it is no easy task to be solemn.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Abnormal</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Not conforming to standard. In matters of thought and conduct, to be independent is to be abnormal, to be abnormal is to be detested. Wherefore the lexicographer adviseth a striving toward the straiter [sic] resemblance of the Average Man than he hath to himself. Whoso attaineth thereto shall have peace, the prospect of death and the hope of Hell.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Aboriginies</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Persons of little worth found cumbering the soil of a newly discovered country. They soon cease to cumber; they fertilize.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt>
					<dfn>Abracadabra</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>By <em>Abracadabra</em> we signify</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">An infinite number of things.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>’Tis the answer to What? and How? and Why?</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And Whence? and Whither?⁠—a word whereby</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">The Truth (with the comfort it brings)</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Is open to all who grope in night,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Crying for Wisdom’s holy light.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Whether the word is a verb or a noun</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Is knowledge beyond my reach.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>I only know that ’tis handed down.</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">From sage to sage,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">From age to age⁠—</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">An immortal part of speech!</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Of an ancient man the tale is told</span>
							<br/>
							<span>That he lived to be ten centuries old,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">In a cave on a mountain side.</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">(True, he finally died.)</span>
							<br/>
							<span>The fame of his wisdom filled the land,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>For his head was bald, and you’ll understand</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">His beard was long and white</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">And his eyes uncommonly bright.</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span>Philosophers gathered from far and near</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To sit at his feet and hear and hear,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">Though he never was heard</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">To utter a word</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">But “<em>Abracadabra, abracadab</em>,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2"><em>Abracada, abracad</em>,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1"><em>Abraca, abrac, abra, ab!</em>”</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">’Twas all he had,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>’Twas all they wanted to hear, and each</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Made copious notes of the mystical speech,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">Which they published next⁠—</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">A trickle of text</span>
							<br/>
							<span>In a meadow of commentary.</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Mighty big books were these,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">In number, as leaves of trees;</span>
							<br/>
							<span>In learning, remarkable⁠—very!</span>
						</p>
						<p>
							<span class="i2">He’s dead,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">As I said,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And the books of the sages have perished,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But his wisdom is sacredly cherished.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>In <em>Abracadabra</em> it solemnly rings,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Like an ancient bell that forever swings.</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">O, I love to hear</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i2">That word make clear</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Humanity’s General Sense of Things.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Jamrach Holobom</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Abridge</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>To shorten.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="se:short-story">
						<p>When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for people to abridge their king, a decent respect for the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.</p>
						<cite>—Oliver Cromwell</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Abrupt</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Sudden, without ceremony, like the arrival of a cannon-shot and the departure of the soldier whose interests are most affected by it. <abbr>Dr.</abbr> Samuel Johnson beautifully said of another author’s ideas that they were “concatenated without abruption.”</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-intransitive">
					<dfn>Abscond</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>To “move in a mysterious way,” commonly with the property of another.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Spring beckons! All things to the call respond;</span>
							<br/>
							<span>The trees are leaving and cashiers abscond.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Phela Orm</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Absent</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Peculiarly exposed to the tooth of detraction; vilifed; hopelessly in the wrong; superseded in the consideration and affection of another.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>To men a man is but a mind. Who cares</span>
							<br/>
							<span>What face he carries or what form he wears?</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But woman’s body is the woman. O,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Stay thou, my sweetheart, and do never go,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>But heed the warning words the sage hath said:</span>
							<br/>
							<span>A woman absent is a woman dead.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Jogo Tyree</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Absentee</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A person with an income who has had the forethought to remove himself from the sphere of exaction.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Absolute</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Independent, irresponsible. An absolute monarchy is one in which the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins. Not many absolute monarchies are left, most of them having been replaced by limited monarchies, where the sovereign’s power for evil (and for good) is greatly curtailed, and by republics, which are governed by chance.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Abstainer</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure. A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Said a man to a crapulent youth: “I thought</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">You a total abstainer, my son.”</span>
							<br/>
							<span>“So I am, so I am,” said the scapegrace caught⁠—</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">“But not, sir, a bigoted one.”</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—G.J.</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Absurdity</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one’s own opinion.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun" id="academe">
					<dfn>Academe</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Academy</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>[from <a class="xref" href="#academe">academe</a>] A modern school where football is taught.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Accident</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An inevitable occurrence due to the action of immutable natural laws.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Accomplice</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>One associated with another in a crime, having guilty knowledge and complicity, as an attorney who defends a criminal, knowing him guilty. This view of the attorney’s position in the matter has not hitherto commanded the assent of attorneys, no one having offered them a fee for assenting.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Accord</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Harmony.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Accordion</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An instrument in harmony with the sentiments of an assassin.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Accountability</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The mother of caution.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>“My accountability, bear in mind,”</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Said the Grand Vizier: “Yes, yes,”</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Said the Shah: “I do⁠—’tis the only kind</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Of ability you possess.”</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Joram Tate</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Accuse</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>To affirm another’s guilt or unworth; most commonly as a justification of ourselves for having wronged him.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Acephalous</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>In the surprising condition of the Crusader who absently pulled at his forelock some hours after a Saracen scimitar had, unconsciously to him, passed through his neck, as related by de Joinville.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Achievement</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The death of endeavor and the birth of disgust.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Acknowledge</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>To confess. Acknowledgement of one another’s faults is the highest duty imposed by our love of truth.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Acquaintance</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to. A degree of friendship called slight when its object is poor or obscure, and intimate when he is rich or famous.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adverb">
					<dfn>Actually</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Perhaps; possibly.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Adage</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Boned wisdom for weak teeth.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Adamant</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A mineral frequently found beneath a corset. Soluble in solicitate of gold.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Adder</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A species of snake. So called from its habit of adding funeral outlays to the other expenses of living.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Adherent</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A follower who has not yet obtained all that he expects to get.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Administration</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president. A man of straw, proof against bad-egging and dead-catting.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Admiral</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>That part of a war-ship which does the talking while the figure-head does the thinking.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Admiration</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Our polite recognition of another’s resemblance to ourselves.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Admonition</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Gentle reproof, as with a meat-axe. Friendly warning.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Consigned by way of admonition,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>His soul forever to perdition.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Judibras</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Adore</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>To venerate expectantly.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Advice</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The smallest current coin.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>“The man was in such deep distress,”</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Said Tom, “that I could do no less</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Than give him good advice.” Said Jim:</span>
							<br/>
							<span>“If less could have been done for him</span>
							<br/>
							<span>I know you well enough, my son,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To know that’s what you would have done.”</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Jebel Jocordy</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="past-participle">
					<dfn>Affianced</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Fitted with an ankle-ring for the ball-and-chain.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Affliction</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An acclimatizing process preparing the soul for another and bitter world.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>African</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A nigger that votes our way.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Age</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>That period of life in which we compound for the vices that we still cherish by reviling those that we have no longer the enterprise to commit.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Agitator</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A statesman who shakes the fruit trees of his neighbors⁠—to dislodge the worms.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Aim</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The task we set our wishes to.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>“Cheer up! Have you no aim in life?”</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">She tenderly inquired.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>“An aim? Well, no, I haven’t, wife;</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">The fact is⁠—I have fired.”</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—G.J.</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Air</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A nutritious substance supplied by a bountiful Providence for the fattening of the poor.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Alderman</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An ingenious criminal who covers his secret thieving with a pretence of open marauding.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Alien</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An American sovereign in his probationary state.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Allah</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The Mahometan Supreme Being, as distinguished from the Christian, Jewish, and so forth.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Allah’s good laws I faithfully have kept,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And ever for the sins of man have wept;</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">And sometimes kneeling in the temple I</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Have reverently crossed my hands and slept.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Junker Barlow</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Allegiance</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>This thing Allegiance, as I suppose,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Is a ring fitted in the subject’s nose,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Whereby that organ is kept rightly pointed</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To smell the sweetness of the Lord’s anointed.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—G.J.</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Alliance</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other’s pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Alligator</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The crocodile of America, superior in every detail to the crocodile of the effete monarchies of the Old World. Herodotus says the Indus is, with one exception, the only river that produces crocodiles, but they appear to have gone West and grown up with the other rivers. From the notches on his back the alligator is called a sawrian.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Alone</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>In bad company.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>In contact, lo! the flint and steel,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>By spark and flame, the thought reveal</span>
							<br/>
							<span>That he the metal, she the stone,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Had cherished secretly alone.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Booley Fito</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Altar</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The place whereupon the priest formerly raveled out the small intestine of the sacrificial victim for purposes of divination and cooked its flesh for the gods. The word is now seldom used, except with reference to the sacrifice of their liberty and peace by a male and a female tool.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>They stood before the altar and supplied</span>
							<br/>
							<span>The fire themselves in which their fat was fried.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>In vain the sacrifice!⁠—no god will claim</span>
							<br/>
							<span>An offering burnt with an unholy flame.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—M.P. Nopput</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Ambidextrous</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Ambition</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An overmastering desire to be vilified by enemies while living and made ridiculous by friends when dead.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Amnesty</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The state’s magnanimity to those offenders whom it would be too expensive to punish.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Anoint</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>To grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>As sovereigns are anointed by the priesthood,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>So pigs to lead the populace are greased good.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Judibras</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Antipathy</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The sentiment inspired by one’s friend’s friend.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Aphorism</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Predigested wisdom.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>The flabby wine-skin of his brain</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Yields to some pathologic strain,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And voids from its unstored abysm</span>
							<br/>
							<span>The driblet of an aphorism.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—“The Mad Philosopher,” 1697</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-intransitive">
					<dfn>Apologize</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>To lay the foundation for a future offence.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Apostate</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A leech who, having penetrated the shell of a turtle only to find that the creature has long been dead, deems it expedient to form a new attachment to a fresh turtle.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Apothecary</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The physician’s accomplice, undertaker’s benefactor and grave worm’s provider.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>When Jove sent blessings to all men that are,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And Mercury conveyed them in a jar,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>That friend of tricksters introduced by stealth</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Disease for the apothecary’s health,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Whose gratitude impelled him to proclaim:</span>
							<br/>
							<span>“My deadliest drug shall bear my patron’s name!”</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—G.J.</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Appeal</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>In law, to put the dice into the box for another throw.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Appetite</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An instinct thoughtfully implanted by Providence as a solution to the labor question.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Applause</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The echo of a platitude.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>April Fool</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The March fool with another month added to his folly.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Archbishop</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An ecclesiastical dignitary one point holier than a bishop.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>If I were a jolly archbishop,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>On Fridays I’d eat all the fish up⁠—</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Salmon and flounders and smelts;</span>
							<br/>
							<span>On other days everything else.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Jodo Rem</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Architect</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>One who drafts a plan of your house, and plans a draft of your money.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Ardor</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The quality that distinguishes love without knowledge.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Arena</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>In politics, an imaginary rat-pit in which the statesman wrestles with his record.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Aristocracy</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Government by the best men. (In this sense the word is obsolete; so is that kind of government.) Fellows that wear downy hats and clean shirts⁠—guilty of education and suspected of bank accounts.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Armor</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The kind of clothing worn by a man whose tailor is a blacksmith.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="past-participle">
					<dfn>Arrayed</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Drawn up and given an orderly disposition, as a rioter hanged to a lamppost.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Arrest</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Formally to detain one accused of unusualness.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="se:short-story">
						<p>God made the world in six days and was arrested on the seventh.</p>
						<cite>—The Unauthorized Version</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Arsenic</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A kind of cosmetic greatly affected by the ladies, whom it greatly affects in turn.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>“Eat arsenic? Yes, all you get,”</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Consenting, he did speak up;</span>
							<br/>
							<span>“ ’Tis better you should eat it, pet,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Than put it in my teacup.”</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Joel Huck</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Art</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>This word has no definition. Its origin is related as follows by the ingenious Father Gassalasca Jape, S.J.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>One day a wag⁠—what would the wretch be at?⁠—</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Shifted a letter of the cipher <b>rat</b>,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And said it was a god’s name! Straight arose</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Fantastic priests and postulants (with shows,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And mysteries, and mummeries, and hymns,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And disputations dire that lamed their limbs)</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To serve his temple and maintain the fires,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Expound the law, manipulate the wires.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Amazed, the populace that rites attend,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Believe whate’er they cannot comprehend,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And, inly edified to learn that two</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Half-hairs joined so and so (as Art can do)</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Have sweeter values and a grace more fit</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Than Nature’s hairs that never have been split,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Bring cates and wines for sacrificial feasts,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>And sell their garments to support the priests.</span>
						</p>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Artlessness</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A certain engaging quality to which women attain by long study and severe practice upon the admiring male, who is pleased to fancy it resembles the candid simplicity of his young.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="verb-transitive">
					<dfn>Asperse</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Maliciously to ascribe to another vicious actions which one has not had the temptation and opportunity to commit.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Ass</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A public singer with a good voice but no ear. In Virginia City, Nevada, he is called the Washoe Canary, in Dakota, the Senator, and everywhere the Donkey. The animal is widely and variously celebrated in the literature, art and religion of every age and country; no other so engages and fires the human imagination as this noble vertebrate. Indeed, it is doubted by some (Ramasilus, lib. <span epub:type="z3998:roman">II</span>., De Clem., and C. Stantatus, <i epub:type="se:name.publication.book">De Temperamente</i>) if it is not a god; and as such we know it was worshiped by the Etruscans, and, if we may believe Macrobious, by the Cupasians also. Of the only two animals admitted into the Mahometan Paradise along with the souls of men, the ass that carried Balaam is one, the dog of the Seven Sleepers the other. This is no small distinction. From what has been written about this beast might be compiled a library of great splendor and magnitude, rivalling that of the Shakespearean cult, and that which clusters about the Bible. It may be said, generally, that all literature is more or less Asinine.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>“Hail, holy Ass!” the quiring angels sing;</span>
							<br/>
							<span>“Priest of Unreason, and of Discords King!</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Great co-Creator, let Thy glory shine:</span>
							<br/>
							<span>God made all else, the Mule, the Mule is thine!”</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—G.J.</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Auctioneer</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The man who proclaims with a hammer that he has picked a pocket with his tongue.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Australia</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A country lying in the South Sea, whose industrial and commercial development has been unspeakably retarded by an unfortunate dispute among geographers as to whether it is a continent or an island.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Avernus</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The lake by which the ancients entered the infernal regions. The fact that access to the infernal regions was obtained by a lake is believed by the learned Marcus Ansello Scrutator to have suggested the Christian rite of baptism by immersion. This, however, has been shown by Lactantius to be an error.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>
								<i xml:lang="la">Facilis descensus Averni</i>,
							</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">The poet remarks; and the sense</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Of it is that when down-hill I turn I</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Will get more of punches than pence.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Jehal Dai Lupe</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
			</dl>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
