<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Q</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-17" epub:type="chapter">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Q</h2>
			<dl>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Queen</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A woman by whom the realm is ruled when there is a king, and through whom it is ruled when there is not.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Quill</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>An implement of torture yielded by a goose and commonly wielded by an ass. This use of the quill is now obsolete, but its modern equivalent, the steel pen, is wielded by the same everlasting Presence.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Quiver</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A portable sheath in which the ancient statesman and the aboriginal lawyer carried their lighter arguments.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>He extracted from his quiver,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Did this controversial Roman,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>An argument well fitted</span>
							<br/>
							<span>To the question as submitted,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Then addressed it to the liver,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Of the unpersuaded foeman.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Oglum P. Boomp</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="adjective">
					<dfn>Quixotic</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Absurdly chivalric, like Don Quixote. An insight into the beauty and excellence of this incomparable adjective is unhappily denied to him who has the misfortune to know that the gentleman’s name is pronounced <i>Ke-ho-tay</i>.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>When ignorance from out of our lives can banish</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Philology, ’tis folly to know Spanish.</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Juan Smith</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Quorum</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A sufficient number of members of a deliberative body to have their own way and their own way of having it. In the United States Senate a quorum consists of the chairman of the Committee on Finance and a messenger from the White House; in the House of Representatives, of the Speaker and the devil.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Quotation</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The act of repeating erroneously the words of another. The words erroneously repeated.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>Intent on making his quotation truer,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>He sought the page infallible of Brewer,</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Then made a solemn vow that he would be</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Condemned eternally. Ah, me, ah, me!</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Stumpo Gaker</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Quotient</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A number showing how many times a sum of money belonging to one person is contained in the pocket of another⁠—usually about as many times as it can be got there.</p>
				</dd>
			</dl>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
