<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>V</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="v" epub:type="chapter">
			<h2 epub:type="title">V</h2>
			<dl>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Valor</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>A soldierly compound of vanity, duty and the gambler’s hope.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="se:short-story">
						<p>“Why have you halted?” roared the commander of a division and Chickamauga, who had ordered a charge; “move forward, sir, at once.”</p>
						<p>“General,” said the commander of the delinquent brigade, “I am persuaded that any further display of valor by my troops will bring them into collision with the enemy.”</p>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Vanity</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The tribute of a fool to the worth of the nearest ass.</p>
					<blockquote epub:type="z3998:poem">
						<p>
							<span>They say that hens do cackle loudest when</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">There’s nothing vital in the eggs they’ve laid;</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">And there are hens, professing to have made</span>
							<br/>
							<span>A study of mankind, who say that men</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Whose business ’tis to drive the tongue or pen</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Make the most clamorous fanfaronade</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">O’er their most worthless work; and I’m afraid</span>
							<br/>
							<span>They’re not entirely different from the hen.</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Lo! the drum-major in his coat of gold,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">His blazing breeches and high-towering cap⁠—</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Imperiously pompous, grandly bold,</span>
							<br/>
							<span class="i1">Grim, resolute, an awe-inspiring chap!</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Who’d think this gorgeous creature’s only virtue</span>
							<br/>
							<span>Is that in battle he will never hurt you?</span>
						</p>
						<cite>—Hannibal Hunsiker</cite>
					</blockquote>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun-plural">
					<dfn>Virtues</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Certain abstentions.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Vituperation</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>Satire, as understood by dunces and all such as suffer from an impediment in their wit.</p>
				</dd>
				<dt class="noun">
					<dfn>Vote</dfn>
				</dt>
				<dd>
					<p>The instrument and symbol of a freeman’s power to make a fool of himself and a wreck of his country.</p>
				</dd>
			</dl>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
